I want to do a web version of a classic boardgame, the game is played by 3 to 6 players.
The players can be played by a human player or a computer player.
One of the players create the game on the server and the other humans can then join the game.

In the game the players can get money in four different currencies: Denar (blue), Dirham (green), Ducats (orange) 
and Florins (Yellow). All the cards can be found in the images/cards folder.
The money supply is limited, each currency have 9 different values (1-9) and there are 3 cards of each.
So the total number of Money cards will be 108.
For the money a player can buy buildings or tiles as they are also called.
There are always 4 diffent money cards on the table that the players pick from.
The player can pick one card or several cards if the combined value is less than or equal to 5.
At the beginning of the game, each player get money cards with a combined value of 20 or more.
 
The tiles are squares that represents different buildings and can be placed next to each other following certain rules. 
So after buying a building each player must be able to drag-and-drop that building onto the game plan according to the rules.
There should be a grid system where each block is the size of each tile. You must be able toggle the grid system on/off. 
All the tiles can be found in the images/buildings folder.

There are 7 diffent building tiles: Chamber, Fountain, Garden, Manor, Mezzanine, Pavilion, Tower.
When the game starts there is a single fountain in the middle of the game plan. Each player should have their own game plan 
with only their own buildings.

In the bottom of the screen there should be a buttonbar with icons that represent each player.
The icons are of different animals, there are 6, one for each possible player.
The 6 animal icons are: Bear, Eagle, Elephant, Gorilla, Lion and Orca. 
They can be found in the images/Icons folder.

Each player should be able to chat with other human players (but we can add this feature later).

Each turn a player can either collect money, buy a building or rearrange one tile.

The game is over when the last Money card is drawn.

As for Tech stack, i was thinking we could use websockets for the human players and typescript to create 
the web interface. Do you have any suggestions for how to build the server part?

Is this possible to build and how would you do it?



